Now let's talk about what we're going to cover in this course
and this scores we're going to start by the way basic the fundamental model which for any message broker
and that is messaging.
So we're going to start by what the messaging means in software world and why we actually need it.
And after that we're going to take a look at messaging protocols such as MQ T.T.
after we finish with the protocols we're going to take a closer look at the AMD Cupie a synchronous
message queuing protocol.
And finally we're going to meet wet rabbit.
Q The popular message queuing protocol for almost any environment that we have and after we first met
with Rabbitt MQ we're going to start with cue's topics exchange and more we're going to learn the fundamental
concepts of rubidium.
And these are were important topics in the scores.
I can't stress this enough.
So make sure to study these sections very well because we're going to use that information throughout
the course.
After we learn the fundamentals of rabbit him Q and messaging we're going to take a comparison of message
queueing frameworks and applications such as Kafka kümmel rabbit MQ Actium Q and more.
After we finish our discussions about exchanges cue's bindings and much more we're going to start implementing
rabbit MQ with our code using of course Jawa and springe we will learn how to use rabbit template for
sending both simple and complex messages.
I'll be showing you all the ways of using rabbit.
And just wait up for that after we learn how to send messages with rabit template.
We're going to move forward with our implementations such as configuring Qs exchanges bindings and much
more from code.
We're going to be implementing listeners and many other constructs of rabbit named Q so that we can
use it in our both professional and personal projects.
After learning how to configure queues ex-Rangers bindings and much more we're going to realize an asynchronous
scenario with two different applications from one application.
We're going to be publishing a message to a specific routing key and an Xchange from the other application.
We're going to be receiving that message and processing it.
It's going to be a very useful exercise and I'll be expecting to see you there.
So without further ado I'll be seeing you on the next section.